2. A user is complaining that it's taking a long time to load a page on our web
application. In your own words, write down and discuss the possible cause(s) of
the slowness. Also describe how you would begin to troubleshoot this issue?
Keep the following information about the environment in mind:
● The web application is written in a modern MVC web framework.
● Application data is stored in a relational database.
● All components (web application, web server, database) are running on a
single Linux box with 8GB RAM, 2 CPU cores, and SSD storage with ample
free space.
● You have root access to this Linux box.
We are interested in learning about your experience with modern web
applications, and your ability to reason about system design and architectural
trade-offs. There are no right and wrong answers to this question. Feel free to
write as much or as little as you feel is necessary.

 a. I would ask what is the customers to do a speedtest which is typically a factor with slowness.
 b. I would check the server load if there are alot of  processes running and memory/network/cpu utilization
 c. I would look at logs if there are any errors from database and webapplication so we can relate it to application support
 d. Look at error codes and check if any fix can be made for every codes that show from logs

3. Study the Git commit graph shown below. What sequence of Git commands could have resulted in this commit graph?
  a. git commit -a
  b. git add; git commit
  c. git branch feature-branch; 
  d. git checkout feature-branch
  e. git commit 
  f. git merge master
  g. git commit; git push origin master 

5. What is a technical book/blog you read recently that you enjoyed? 
Please include a brief review of what you especially liked or didn’t like about it.
- I recently , read about Gentoo at linuxinsider.com (https://linuxinsider.com/section/tech-blog)
It explained the features of the variant of Gentoo linux. Simply describe if you want to tune linux distro Gentoo is the distro you might want.
Gentoo doesnt impose standard. It was based from BSD which have similar feel when you install it. It has documentations on how to build 
packages to different machine architecture which you can do to any machine. 